Introduction.md, before:

﻿# Introduction

I've been playing with (and writing) Leanpub books for a while now, and I kept seeing the same questions asked on the Leanpub author list about formatting text and layout. After writing a bunch of answers and blog entries, I figured that the best way to answer the questions was within a Leanpub book! So here it is. It's certainly not comprehensive (that's what the [Leanpub manual](https://leanpub.com/help/manual) is for), but it does address some of the more "edge" cases that the manual doesn't cover, or where I would've liked more examples. In some cases it showcases bugs or places where the Leanpub manual seems to disagree with the actual output of Leanpub.

A>## Note
A>
A>The examples here are mainly focused on how the PDF output looks, since that's the primary way I read ebooks. I haven't checked the other formats for correctness.

## Github repository

The Github repository that has the source text for this book can be foud [here](https://github.com/tedyoung/leanpub-formatting). If you have any corrections or additions, feel free to create a Pull Request.

## License

This book is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

## Contact info

My [About Me](http://about.me/tedmyoung) page has all of the various ways to contact me.

Commit message:

Updated to published version as of April 18, 2015.

Introduction.md, after:

﻿# Introduction

I've been playing with (and writing) Leanpub books for a while now, and I kept seeing the same questions asked on the Leanpub author list about formatting text and layout. After writing a bunch of answers and blog entries, I figured that the best way to answer the questions was within a Leanpub book! So here it is. It's certainly not comprehensive (that's what the [Leanpub manual](https://leanpub.com/help/manual) is for), but it does address some of the more "edge" cases that the manual doesn't cover, or where I would've liked more examples. In some cases it showcases bugs or places where the Leanpub manual seems to disagree with the actual output of Leanpub.

A>## Note
A>
A>The examples here are mainly focused on how the PDF output looks, since that's the primary way I read ebooks. I haven't checked the other formats for correctness.

## Github repository

The Github repository that has the source text for this book can be found [here](https://github.com/tedyoung/leanpub-formatting). If you have any corrections or additions, feel free to create a Pull Request.

A> Note that there may be a short (~1 day) delay between publishing a new version and uploading those changes to the Github repository.

## License

This book is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

## Contact info

My [About Me](http://about.me/tedmyoung) page has all of the various ways to contact me.
